Sorry.
Bitch, you bitch dare to seduce my boyfriend
Seen shameless
I've never seen such a shameless one
You cheated on me when I caught you
It seems to have happened yesterday
Don't tell me you got a new love in one day
I don't need you to worry about my business
You think I want to take care of your shit
You're a country bumpkin.
Pretty bold
You came just in time
What's your research project?
Don't you need money urgently?
As long as you help me solve Luo Yuan
I'll give you 1 million, Chen family
You heard it too
Summer champion took 1 million to your face
This is a cafe.
How dare you do anything to me?
You can't escape either, you know?
If the research is unsuccessful
I am an outlaw
What's there to consider?
For the sake of old love
You go to accompany wine or sell blood
Give me a million at noon tomorrow
I'll let you go.
After the event
I can also consider being with you again
I won't give you another penny in your dream.
Okay, don't listen to advice, right?
Then it's not my fault.
Overreaching waste
Today, I will remove the hard bones from your body
Crush one by one
Who is your dog man?
Dare to force me to call this song The Poor Family